
Help &gt; Permissions and Policies &gt; Privacy &gt; Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy 
Last Updated on February 18, 2011
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for The New York Times newspaper and NYTimes.com. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to "The New York Times" include NYTimes.com and The New York Times newspaper.
In this Privacy Policy, you will find answers to the following questions:
Which sites are covered by this policy?
What information do we gather about you?
What do we do with the information we gather about you?
What is our e-mail policy?
With whom do we share the information that we gather?
How do I change or update my personal information?
How do I opt-out from receiving promotional offers?
How do I disassociate my NYTimes.com registration account from third party accounts?
Is my information protected?
Other information: Compliance with legal process
Other information: Children's Guidelines
Other information: Changes to this Privacy Policy
TRUSTe: 			The New York Times is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build user trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy policy covers www.nytimes.com (see below). Because The New York Times wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by Truste.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Customer Service by sending an e-mail to feedback@nytimes.com. If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php. TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with The New York Times to resolve your concerns.
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this site. TRUSTe has not certified the disclosures in this Privacy Policy that relate to the Times Reader software.
WHICH SITES ARE COVERED BY THIS POLICY?
This Privacy Policy applies to the following New York Times Web sites:
NYTimes.com (including global.nytimes.com, the online edition of The International Herald Tribune)
The New York Times Home Delivery
The New York Times Store
The New York Times Learning Network
The New York Times Replica Edition, which is maintained by Libre Digital, Inc., maintains its own Privacy Policy. The New York Times advertising portal, for advertisers of The Times, also maintains a separate Privacy Policy.
Please note, our Web sites may contain links to other Web sites for your convenience and information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE GATHER ABOUT YOU?
The information we gather falls into two categories: 1) Personally identifiable information, which includes personal information you voluntarily supply when you subscribe, order, complete a survey, register for an online discussion, enter a contest or provide your e-mail address and 2) Non-personally identifiable information, which includes tracking information collected as you navigate through our sites.
Personally Identifiable Information
Registration for Our Web Wites
Anyone can view our sites, but a free registration process is required to access the full range of information and services offered across our different sites.
NYTimes.com requires that you supply certain personally identifiable information, including a unique e-mail address and demographic information (zip code, age, sex, household income (optional), job industry and job title) to register. By using NYTimes.com, you are agreeing to our Terms of Service.
Registration for Our Web Sites via Third-Party Tools
You may chose to log-on, create an account or enhance your profile at NYTimes.com with the Facebook Connect feature on nytimes.com. By doing this, you are asking Facebook to send us that information from your Facebook profile. We treat that information as we do any other information you give to us when you log on, register or create a profile. After you have connected, Facebook also sends us additional information from your profile that allows us to display a Facebook module on the pages you view. We do not store this additional information.
The New York Times Home Delivery Web Site requires that you supply your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number or other billing information to process your print subscription request as well as to transact with The Times and manage your account on the Web.
The New York Times Store requires you to register only if you purchase an item. Registration requires that you supply your mailing address, e-mail address and a password.
Paid Products and Services
While the majority of our Web sites are free, we do charge fees for select premium content, products and services, such as the Archive: 1851-Present, purchases at The New York Times Store, print subscriptions to The New York Times newspaper, among others. To enable the purchase of these and other products, we collect and store billing and credit card information. This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction. Examples of this include fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Special Offers
On occasion, The New York Times collects personal information from readers in connection with optional sweepstakes, contests or special offers. If this information is to be shared with a third party other than The New York Times, we will notify you at the time of collection. If you do not want any personal information shared, you may always decline to participate in the sweepstakes, contest or special offer.
Reader Surveys, Reader Panels and Market Research
The New York Times may collect personal information from readers in connection with voluntary surveys. Data may be collected on our Web sites, on the phone or through the mail. The information you provide in answer to optional survey questions may be shared, but only in the aggregate, with advertisers and partners unless we notify you otherwise at the time of collection.
Some of our readers are invited to be members of optional Reader Panels that are administered through a third party we have hired for that purpose. Panel members agree to participate in surveys, polls or discussions about their readership of The New York Times, their household/personal characteristics and their purchase behavior. Readers are primarily contacted via e-mail, which link to online surveys, polls or discussions, but may occasionally be contacted by telephone or mail. All survey data is reported and/or used in aggregate form only, and no personally identifiable information is released. From time to time, we may use different technologies. including cookies, to better understand answers to our surveys. As a panel member, we require that you supply us with your e-mail address and name. Home address and telephone number are optional. Our panels are currently administered by Vision Critical and Beta Research.
Special Events and Promotions
We often receive information regarding readers who may attend Times Talks, Arts &amp; Leisure Weekend and other New York Times Special Events and Promotions. Such information will be used as indicated at the time of collection.
Mobile Messaging Service
The New York Times uses the information collected from your interaction with The New York Times by Text Messaging Service (SMS) ("SMS Service") solely for the purposes of improving the SMS Service. The information will not be provided, sold, licensed, rented, assigned or disclosed to Third Parties, except as required by law, nor will we use your phone number to initiate a call or SMS text message to you without your express prior consent. Your wireless carrier and other service providers also collect data about your SMS Service usage, and their practices are governed by their own privacy policies.
The New York Times collects the mobile phone number you use to send us a text message and the content of the messages sent between you and The New York Times. When you send a text message to The New York Times or via The New York Times, we log the incoming phone number, the wireless provider associated with the number, and the date and time of the transaction. The only information we automatically collect is that related to the use of our Mobile Services. The New York Times uses this data to analyze the message traffic in order to operate, develop and improve our SMS Service.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Information Collected by Us Using Technology
As is standard practice on many Web sites, we use "cookies," Web beacons and other similar technologies to recognize you and provide personalization, as well as to help us understand where our visitors are going and how much time they spend there. You will not be able to access certain areas of our Web sites, including NYTimes.com, if your computer does not accept cookies from us. For more detailed information about our use of cookies, see Frequently Asked Questions About Cookies in our Help section.
The New York Times Home Delivery Web site also transmits non-personally identifiable Web site usage information about visitors to the servers of a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on other sites. To do this, we use Web Beacons in conjunction with cookies provided by our third-party ad server on this site. For more information about our third-party ad server, or to learn your choices about not having this non-personal information used to target ads to you, please click here.
Information Collected by Third Parties Using Technology
Some of the services and advertisements on certain of our Web sites (including NYTimes.com) are delivered or served by third-party companies that may place or recognize cookies or Web beacons to track certain non-personally identifiable information about our Web site users. For example, in the course of serving certain advertisements, some advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser, in order to collect certain non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our Web sites and other Web sites. In many cases, this information could be used to show you ads based on your interests on other Web sites.
We do not have access to, nor control over, advertisers' or service providers' cookies or how they may be used.
Please click here to see a list of third parties that may be using cookies to serve advertising on our Web sites. For example, Google is one of the companies that serves advertisements onto NYTimes.com. It uses the DART cookie to serve ads based on your visit to NYTimes.com and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our site:
1) If you would like more information about advertisers' use of cookies, and about your option not to accept these cookies, please click here.
2) If you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this or other sites, click here.
Your access to our Web sites will not be affected if you do not accept cookies served by third parties.
Analytics Technologies
We have hired WebTrends, a third party, to track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers on NYTimes.com . All data collected by WebTrends on our behalf is owned and used by us. We may publish non-personally identifiable, summary information regarding our Web site visitors for promotional purposes and as a representative audience for advertisers. Please note that this is not personally identifiable information, only general summaries of the activities of our visitors and customers. For more information about how WebTrends collects data, please read their privacy policy at https://ondemand.webtrends.com/privacypolicy.asp#PSFV
NYTimes.com is currently contracted with Audience Science, a third party, to track and analyze anonymous usage and browsing patterns of our visitors and customers. All data collected by Audience Science on behalf of our Web sites is owned and used by The New York Times alone. We use this information to help provide our advertisers with more targeted advertising opportunities, which means that users see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer's experience and the effectiveness of the ads. For more information about Audience Science's privacy policy, including how to opt out, go to http://www.audiencescience.com/privacy.asp.
We reserve the right to change the vendors who provide us with usage data.
IP Addresses
The New York Times logs Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to our Web sites.
Log Files and Your Reading History
We automatically log certain usage information about your visit to our Web sites. This information includes a reading history of the pages you view.
We use this information in order to provide you with customized Recommendations on NYTimes.com based on your reading history. For more information on the Recommendations feature, please read the Recommendations FAQ. We also use log files in the aggregate to analyze usage of our Web sites.
If you download and use the Times Reader software application, the log files will automatically be collected by the application and sent to our servers when your computer syncs up for the latest news.
WHAT DO WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER ABOUT YOU?
Statistical Analysis
The New York Times may perform statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of subscribers, and their subscribing and purchasing patterns, for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base. We also use such information to allow advertising to be targeted, in aggregate, to the users for whom such advertising is most pertinent. NYTimes.com may share personal information with The New York Times Company for analysis purposes, including analysis to improve customer relationships.
Banner Advertising
We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on our Web sites to be targeted, in aggregate, to the users for whom they are most pertinent. This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer's experience and the effectiveness of the ads. We will disclose information to third parties only in aggregate form.
User Generated Content and Public Activities (Including Comments, Reader Reviews and TimesPeople)
We offer opportunities for you to engage in public activities on NYTimes.com, including submitting comments, recommendations, reader reviews and ratings in a number of areas throughout NYTimes.com. "Public activities" are any actions you take on NYTimes.com that are designed to be visible to other users, including comments, recommendations, reader reviews, ratings or any other items that you submit. You must register for a NYTimes.com account in order to engage in public activities. Any information you disclose in your public activities, along with your screen name or ID, or any image or photo, becomes public and may be used by The New York Times for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media. If you chose to engage in public activities, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these areas, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums and The New York Times has no responsibility to publish, take down, remove or edit any of your public activities or any of your submissions that are a result of your public activities. For more information, see the Comments FAQ and read the Forums, Discussions and User Generated Content section of the Terms of Service.
When you share or recommend (with or without adding your own comments) any NYTimes.com articles or content to your Facebook profile, that action is governed by the Facebook Privacy Policy. We do not track or store a record of those comments or actions.
If you have signed up for a NYTimes.com registration account, we will track and aggregate your public activities on NYTimes.com. If you choose to participate in public activities, you are electing to share and display such public activities via NYTimes.com. Also, public activities may be included in RSS feeds, APIs and made available to other Web sites via other formats. As a result, your public activities may appear on other Web sites, blogs, or feeds. Keep in mind that we are not responsible for any personally identifiable information you choose make public via your public activities. Please see our Comments FAQ for additional information.
E-Mail Newsletters
If you choose to receive them, The New York Times will periodically send you e-mail newsletters or promotional e-mail about services offered by The New York Times and its advertisers. For details about New York Times e-mail, please see the next section, "What Is Our E-mail Policy?"
WHAT IS OUR E-MAIL POLICY?
The New York Times complies fully with the federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003. We will not share, sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address without your permission. If you feel you have received an e-mail from us in error, please contact feedback@nytimes.com.
Account and Service-Related E-Mail: The New York Times reserves the right to send you e-mail relating to your account status. This includes order confirmations, renewal/expiration notices, notices of credit-card problems, other transactional e-mails and notifications about major changes to our Web sites and/or to our Privacy Policy. If you have registered for online discussions or other services, you may receive e-mail specific to your participation in those activities.
E-Mail Newsletters: The New York Times offers several e-mail newsletters. If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter, follow the "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter. To manage your NYTimes.com e-mail preferences, please click here.
Promotional E-Mail: The New York Times may periodically e-mail you messages about products and services that we think may be of interest to you. You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either (1) following the "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail, or (2) you can opt-out.
From time to time, The New York Times may obtain e-mail addresses from third party sources to be used for promotional e-mails. You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either (1) following the "unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail, or (2) you can opt-out.
Survey E-Mail: We may send you an e-mail inviting you to participate in user surveys, asking for feedback on NYTimes.com and existing or prospective products and services, as well as information to better understand our users. User surveys greatly help us to improve our Web site, and any information we obtain in such surveys will not be shared with third parties, except in aggregate form. (Effective as of August 21, 2002.)
HTML E-Mail: When you sign up to receive e-mail from us, you can select either plain text or HTML (with images) format. If you select the HTML format, we may place a one-pixel gif to determine whether or not readers viewed the e-mail. This process does not leave any information on your computer, nor does it collect information from your computer. The New York Times may share this data with others in aggregate only.
E-Mails From You: If you send us e-mails, you should be aware that information disclosed in e-mails may not be secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others. We suggest that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in e-mails. We will use your e-mail address to respond directly to your questions or comments.
E-Mail This Article Feature: NYTimes.com readers may use this feature to e-mail links to articles (or other content such as slideshows). The e-mail addresses that you supply to this service are saved for your convenience for future articles you may wish to e-mail; these addressses are not used for any other purpose, and will not be shared with any third parties.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION THAT WE GATHER?
The New York Times
If you have registered to one of our sites, The New York Times will not sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address or any information that personally identifies you without your permission. We do, however, share information about our audience in aggregate form.
If you are a print subscriber to The New York Times newspaper and subscribed either by mail, phone or online, we may exchange or rent your name and mailing address (but not your e-mail address) with other reputable companies that offer marketing information or products through direct mail. If you prefer that we do not share this information, you may opt-out.
Service Providers
We contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf, including credit-card and billing processing, shipping, e-mail distribution, list processing and analytics or promotions management. We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services. These service providers are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for The New York Times, and they may not share or resell this data.
We reserve the right to disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future solicitations, in accordance with applicable laws. We may occasionally release personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena. (For more information, see the "Compliance with legal process" section of this policy.)
HOW DO I CHANGE OR UPDATE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
The New York Times Home Delivery Web Account: You may update and/or edit your Home Delivery account information online at the Home Delivery Web site by clicking on the link for Update Account. Should you require assistance, please call our toll free number, 1-800-NYTIMES.
Manage Your NYTimes.com Account at Member Center: You may review and update your NYTimes.com membership or account information and access your transaction history in the Member Center.
There are a number of things you can do in the Member Center to ensure your personal information is accurate and up to date. For one, you can update the information you provided during the free registration process. The E-mail Preferences tab is the place to go to sign up for our e-mail newsletters and manage your delivery options. To gain access to the areas of the Member Center containing personal information, you will be asked to re-enter your password. If you do not remember your password, you can reset your password here. If you need further assistance, please contact Customer Service.
Manage Your New York Times Online Store Account: Manage and update your account by logging in at www.nytstore.com. Simply click on the "My Account" section at the top of the navigational bar and proceed to "Edit Profile". You may securely update your shipping information, e-mail address and password registered to the account. Should you require assistance, please call us at 800-671-4332.
Manage Your New York Times Events Account: Events include TimesTalks, Great Read in the Park, Arts and Leisure Weekend, Sunday with The Magazine, The New York Times Travel Show. To subscribe or unsubscribe from The New York Times Events e-mail newsletter, please visit www.nytimes.com/events. Enter your e-mail address in the field provided, select "unsubscribe" and click "submit."
HOW DO I OPT-OUT FROM RECEIVING PROMOTIONAL OFFERS?
E-Mail Promotions
If, at any time, you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing information from us, simply follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each e-mail. Or,
1. Click here to remove your e-mail address from any future promotional e-mail campaigns originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department and its third party affiliates.
2. Click here to manage your e-mail subscriptions from NYTimes.com. These include Today's Headlines, Ticketwatch, DealBook, Sophisticated Shopper, Movies Update, etc.
3. Click here to e-mail The New York Times Online Store Tech Support. Please write the word "opt-out" in the message field to no longer receive e-mail communications from The Store.
4. Click here to manage your subscription to The New York Times Events Newsletter (TimesTalks, Great Read in the Park, Arts and Leisure Weekend, Sunday with The Magazine, The New York Times Travel Show).
If you experience difficulty with the unsubscribe process, feel free to contact us at feedback@nytimes.com and provide your e-mail address along with the name of the newsletter from which you would like to unsubscribe.
Offline Promotions
If, at any time, you prefer not to receive traditional mail or telephone solicitations originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department and its third party affiliates, please e-mail us at opt-out@nytimes.com or write to us at Customer Care, P.O. Box 217, Northvale, NJ 07647-0217. If you are a current newspaper subscriber, please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your e-mail or letter, and if you choose to opt-out via e-mail, please put "Opt-out" in the subject line.
HOW DO I DISASSOCIATE MY NYTIMES.COM REGISTRATION ACCOUNT FROM THIRD PARTY ACCOUNTS?
You can disassociate your NYTimes.com registration account from a third-party registration account at any time.
Facebook To disassociate your Facebook account from your NYTimes.com registration account, click the "Disconnect" button on our Social Media FAQ page here. You must be logged into your NYTimes.com registration account to make this change.
Twitter To disassociate your Twitter account from your NYTimes.com registration account, log in to http://twitter.com. Click "Settings," and then click the "Connections" tab. Locate "TimesPeople" in the list of approved connections and click "Revoke Access."
Please see our Social Media FAQ for additional information.
IS MY INFORMATION PROTECTED?
Data Security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
OTHER INFORMATION: Compliance With Legal Process
We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web sites; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).
OTHER INFORMATION: Children's Guidelines
COPPA Compliance: Except for The Learning Network (see below), The New York Times does not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13.
The Learning Network: The Learning Network is a free service for parents, teachers and students, and does not require registration. The Student Connections section is specifically directed at students, grades 6 to 12. Within this section, the Ask a Reporter page and the Student Letters page allow students to either send a question to a Times reporter or submit a letter to the editor, providing their first name, grade, state/country and, optionally, their e-mail address. The information requested on these pages is used solely for participation in these activities, and is not shared or sold to third parties. If an e-mail address is provided, it will only be used for a one-time response back to the child. After responding to the child, the e-mail address is deleted. Access to the above services is not conditioned on more information than is reasonably necessary to provide the services. Because we're concerned about a parent's right to consent to the collection and use of their child's personal information, when a question or letter is published, only the student's first name, grade and state/country appear on the site. To request removal of this information (non-personally identifiable) or to review or remove the optional e-mail address (personal information collected), please use this form to contact the Learning Network.
These children's guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technology evolves rapidly and that underlying business models are still not established. Accordingly, guidelines are subject to change. In the unlikely event of such changes they will be posted on this page. If the changes represent a material departure from our current practice with respect to the use of children's personal information, the changes will be posted on this page thirty days prior to taking effect and will not affect children's personal information previously collected.
For any questions concerning The Learning Network, please contact Katherine Schulten, NYTimes.com, 620 Eighth Avenue, 9th floor, New York, NY 10018. Telephone: (212) 556-8391.
OTHER INFORMATION: Changes to This Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page. If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information, the change will be posted on this page thirty (30) days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via e-mail. 
Go to The New York Times Privacy Policy Highlights page.
Search Help
Oscar questions for the critics
Also in Movies &raquo;
See Katie Couric's celebrity ballot
Make your Oscar predictions for a chance to win an iPad
