
Find:
Ratings &amp; Reviews
Salaries
Search
Sign In
&nbsp;|&nbsp;
Help
&nbsp;|&nbsp;
Feedback
Home
Ratings &amp; Reviews
Salaries
How It Works
Post a Review or Salary
Glassdoor Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated in April 2008.
Glassdoor, Inc. (&ldquo;Glassdoor&rdquo;, &ldquo;we&rdquo;, or &ldquo;us&rdquo;) takes the privacy and protection of personal information very seriously. By visiting the Site, registering as a Member, or using the Services, you acknowledge and accept the practices and policies outlined in this privacy policy (&ldquo;Privacy Policy&rdquo;). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Glassdoor Terms of Use, which can be found at http://www.glassdoor.com/about/terms and which incorporate this Privacy Policy by reference. This Privacy Policy describes Glassdoor's practices with respect to Personal Information that we collect when you use the Services.
&ldquo;Personal Information&rdquo; is information that is personally identifiable like names, addresses, e-mail addresses, or phone numbers, as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing. We collect and use Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy from the Users of our Services.
BY USING THE SERVICES OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE SERVICES, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCORDING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED IN THE COUNTRY WHERE IT WAS COLLECTED AS WELL AS OTHER COUNTRIES (INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES) WHERE LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect the following Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily:
Our Member registration process to create an Account requires you to provide us with a username, your e-mail address, and password of your choice. Furthermore, you have to provide either an employer review or salary report to become a Member.
When you contribute employer reviews or salary reports, participate in our surveys (either directly, or through third party service providers), or provide any other Content to the Services through other means, we will collect all the information you provide.
In connection with employer reviews, salary reports, and surveys, Glassdoor (and/or its third party service providers) will collect a wide variety of employee- and salary-related information on an optional basis. Please be aware that while some pieces of information that you provide to us would not be sufficient to identify you when seen by another User without any context, the combination of different pieces of information that you have provided for viewing by other Users, or any contextual information, may allow other Users to identify you.
When you contact us by sending us an e-mail or when you use any of our contact forms, we will collect any information that is contained in (and/or attached to) your e-mail, text message, or that you enter into such forms.
Personal Information Collected Via Technology
As you use the Services, certain information may also be collected passively, including your Internet protocol (IP) address and the browser that you use to visit the Site. Glassdoor also stores a small text file called a &ldquo;Cookie&rdquo; on your computer to store your login information (if any) and your personal preferences for the Services. Glassdoor may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). While you will still be able to use the Services if you disable Cookies in your browser, certain parts of the Services may not function as effectively. After you register and enable Cookies, we may associate this information with Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Personal Information from Other Sources
We may receive Personal Information about you from outside the Site, such as telephone, fax, mail, or from third parties that provide services for us that are related to the Services. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our Services.
Use of Information We Collect
In general, information (including Personal Information) you submit to us, or to third parties that support us in collecting information, is used by us to provide you and other Users with the Services, respond to requests that you make, to improve our Services and to better tailor the features, performance and support of the Services.
We may also use your Personal Information to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Services, such as electronic newsletters or promotional e-mails.
We may create anonymized information from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the information personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymized information for internal purposes, such as analyzing usage patterns so that we may enhance the Services, and we also reserve the right to use and disclose such anonymized information at our discretion.
Public Postings
One of the purposes of the Services is for Members to share employment-related information with other Users. Therefore, you should assume that any information (including any Personal Information you may choose to provide, but excluding your registration information) that you post will be made available to other Users of the Services. We may provide you the ability to anonymously post certain comments, in which case we will not include your contact information (i.e., name, username, email address, or postal address) on the Site in connection with such comments. However, you should know that our internal records may associate your contact information with such comments.
Feedback
If you provide feedback about the Services to us, we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information. We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the Personal Information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose to or share your Personal Information with third parties, unless you ask or authorize us to do so.
We may provide your Personal Information to third party service providers and suppliers who work on behalf of or with us to provide you with some of the services and features of the Services and to help us communicate with our Users. However, these service providers and suppliers do not have any independent right to use this information except to help us provide the Services.
We may share some or all of your Personal Information with any parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, &ldquo;Affiliates&rdquo;), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
In the event Glassdoor goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Glassdoor or its assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We may (and you authorize us to) disclose information we have collected from and about you (including Personal Information) if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (b) to enforce our Glassdoor Terms of Use and Privacy Policy; or (c) to protect and defend the rights or property of us, the users of our Services, or third parties.
Choices Regarding Personal Information
We will include unsubscribe instructions in each newsletter or promotional communication you receive from us.
We may send you service-related announcements (such as, but not limited to, notice that you have won any of our sweepstakes, or that we have changed our Services or our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy) when we believe it is necessary to do so.
You may request that your Account be terminated and that your Personal Information be deleted. Any termination of your account may involve deletion of your Account information from our live databases and all the information and data stored for such Account in the Services. Glassdoor will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your account or related deletion of you information.
When we delete Personal Information that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases but may remain in our archives.
Links to Other Web Sites
The Services may contain links to other web sites that are not owned or controlled by Glassdoor. The provision of such links is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such web sites or location or its contents. We have no control over, do not review and are not responsible for the privacy policies of or content displayed on such other web sites. Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to any outside web sites.
Ad Servers
We may allow advertisers to place advertisements on the Site. Clicking on such advertisements will direct you to the website of a third party. The third-party ad server may use Cookies or web beacons in connection with these advertisements. This Privacy Policy does not cover the collection of information by these third-party ad servers through the use of Cookies, web beacons, or other means. For information about our advertising partners, please visit their websites through the links included in the presentation of the advertisements.
Privacy of Minors
We do not intentionally collect or maintain information in the Services from those visitors and Users of the Services who are under 13 years old.
Security and Confidentiality
Glassdoor has put in place commercially reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, no company, including Glassdoor, can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.
Changes in This Privacy Statement
As part of the Glassdoor Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy is subject to occasional amendment, in accordance with the terms of the Glassdoor Terms of Use.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us by sending us an e-mail to &#105;&#110;&#102;&#111;&#64;&#103;&#108;&#97;&#115;&#115;&#100;&#111;&#111;&#114;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;.
