
wpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost
Real Estate
Rentals
Cars
Today's Paper
Going Out Guide
Find&amp;Save
Home Services
Home
PostTV
In PostTV
Politics
In Politics
Congress
Courts &amp; Law
The Fed Page
Health Care
Polling
White House
GovBeat
Md. Politics
Va. Politics
D.C. Politics
Blogs &amp; Columns
Club for Growth hires firm blacklisted by national GOP
Post Politics
| Aaron Blake
President Obama&rsquo;s love affair with executive orders -- or not (in 1 chart)
The Fix
| Aaron Blake
Are we becoming more tolerant of nepotism?
The Monkey Cage
| Andrew Gelman
State, local health spending soars
GovBeat
| Reid Wilson
House panel asks to hear from Obama donor involved in IRS investigation
The Federal Eye
| Josh Hicks
Opinions
In Opinions
Toles Cartoons
Telnaes Animations
The Post&#039;s View
Letters to the Editor
Local Opinions
Columnist Index
Featured Blogs
Amy Chua continues to be and know better than you
ComPost
| Alexandra Petri
The Morning Plum: GOP leaders stiff-arm the nativists
The Plum Line
| Greg Sargent
Florida GOP hangs Joshua Black out to dry
PostPartisan
| Jonathan Capehart
Immigration stumbles on
Right Turn
| Jennifer Rubin
Local
In Local
D.C.
Maryland
Virginia
Crime
Education
Obituaries
Transportation
Weather
Blogs &amp; Columns
Blogs &amp; Columns
Robin invasion: Red-breasted birds no longer a harbinger of spring
Capital Weather Gang
| Steve Tracton
&lsquo;Rush&rsquo; and other new DVDs
Going Out Guide
| Stephanie Merry
Metrorail working on four lines this weekend
Dr. Gridlock
| Robert Thomson
Sports
In Sports
Redskins/NFL
Capitals/NHL
Wizards/NBA
Nationals/MLB
D.C.
United/Soccer
Colleges
AllMetSports
Blogs &amp; Columns
Other
Sports
Blogs &amp; Columns
Green leaves game with injury
Capitals Insider
| Katie Carrera
Players model Caps Courage
DC Sports Bog
| Sarah Kogod
Super Bowl coaches address media for final time before Sunday&rsquo;s game
The Insider
| Mark Maske
Sammy Solis, a bullpen candidate, is ready for anything
Nationals Journal
| James Wagner
National
In National
Energy &amp;
Environment
Health &amp; Science
Education
National Security
Investigations
Innovations
Know More
Religion
On Giving
Corrections
Blogs &amp; Columns
The spacecraft that takes amazing photos
Innovations
| Matt McFarland
Gender diversity on Sunday news shows: Well, there&rsquo;s not much.
She The People
| Nia-Malika Henderson
MSNBC flap: New evidence on the political views of mixed-race adopted and step-families
Volokh Conspiracy
| Jim Lindgren
World
In World
Africa
The
Americas
Asia &amp;
Pacific
Europe
Middle East
National Security
War Zones
Special Reports
Columns &amp; Blogs
Blogs &amp; Columns
Satellite photos show Syria&rsquo;s destruction
WorldViews
| Terri Rupar
How Johansson got mired in a MidEast controversy
WorldViews
| Max Fisher
9 questions about Ukraine you were too embarrassed to ask
WorldViews
| Max Fisher
Six foreign policy take-aways from the State of the Union
WorldViews
| Max Fisher
Business
In Business
Economy
Industries
Markets
Policy
&amp;
Regulation
Know More
World
Business
Capital Business
On Leadership
On Small Business
On I.T.
Blogs &amp; Columns
For job security, try something on the side
The Color of Money
| Michelle Singletary
Wonkbook: Are happy days here again?
Wonkblog
| Evan Soltas
Do your employees think you play favorites?
On Leadership
| Tom Fox
Tech
In Technology
Innovation
Green
Technology
The Switch
Photo
Galleries
Blogs &amp; Columns
Yahoo Mail usernames, passwords taken in breach
Hayley Tsukayama
iPhone worth more than $3000 worth of 1991 gadgets
The Switch
| Timothy B. Lee
Switchboard: Obama says Clapper &lsquo;should have been more careful&rsquo;
The Switch
| Timothy B. Lee
The FCC&rsquo;s &lsquo;beta testing&rsquo; a next-gen phone network
The Switch
| Brian Fung
Lifestyle
In Lifestyle
Advice
Carolyn Hax
Food
Express
Home &amp; Garden
Style
Travel
Weddings
Wellness
Magazine
KidsPost
On Parenting
Blogs &amp; Columns
Richard Powers on the power of music to wake us up
The Style Blog
| Ron Charles
Pete Seeger&rsquo;s favorite folk songs covered by other famous artists
The Reliable Source
| Helena Andrews
Entertainment
In Entertainment
Books
Comics
Going Out Guide
Horoscopes
Movies
Museums
Music
Puzzles &amp; Games
Theater &amp;
Dance
TV
Blogs &amp; Columns
&lsquo;March&rsquo;: Rep. Lewis&rsquo;s graphic novel receives King honor
Comic Riffs
| Michael Cavna
&lsquo;Rush&rsquo; and other new DVDs
Going Out Guide
| Stephanie Merry
Jobs
In Jobs
More
Classifieds
Cars
Deals
Real Estate
Rentals
Photos
Blogs
Discussions
Find&amp;Save
Obituaries
Archives
Topics
WP Wine Club
WP BrandConnect
In the News
Super Bowl ads
Navy Yard gunman
Snowy owl
Amanda Knox
Lost Boy
???initialComments:false! pubdate:11/21/2011 14:49 EST! commentPeriod:0! commentEndDate:! currentDate:! allowComments:false! displayComments:false!
Privacy Policy
(amended as of January 2014)
At the same time that The Washington Post and washingtonpost.com are committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs, we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of your personally identifiable information. In adopting this privacy policy, our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using personally identifiable information and your reasonable expectations of privacy. Please note: this policy applies only to information collected by washingtonpost.com online, as specified below, and does not govern or apply to information collected or used by its affiliates through other means
What personally identifiable information do I provide to washingtonpost.com?
Washingtonpost.com asks you to provide various types of personally identifiable information to enhance your experience on our site. During registration, washingtonpost.com asks for information such as your name, e-mail address, year of birth, gender, Zip code, country, street address, Job Title, Primary Responsibility, Job Industry and Company Size. The more information you provide, the better we are able to customize your experience. We may also ask you for other information at other times - such as when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion, when you post an online ad, when you participate in our message boards, or when you order products from us. Whenever you provide personally identifiable information to us, we will make an effort to link to our privacy policy. See below about &ldquo;cookies&rdquo; and what other information is collected.
How does washingtonpost.com use my personally identifiable information?
Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience on our network of sites. This includes personalization services, interactive communications, online shopping and many other types of services, most of which are completely free to you.Washingtonpost.com uses the personally identifiable information you provide to us in several ways. Some examples follow.A user&rsquo;s personally identifiable information may be used by washingtonpost.com for editorial purposes such as to contact you as part of an online survey. Additionally, we may also use the information provided by you to: 1) contact you with legal notices, 2) to advise you of any changes or additions to our Service or terms and conditions, and 3) account status (including confirmation of registrations). If you do not wish to receive the foregoing and therefore unregister from the site, please contact Customer Care and ask to have your registration account deleted. Once your account has been deleted, you will no longer have access to washingtonpost.com, however, you may reregister at any time.We may also use information about our users and their activities on our site to send offers and information about The Washington Post Company and its affiliates. However, if you no longer wish to receive the foregoing, please contact Customer Care to request removal from this list.Further, if you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving certain e-mail newsletters from us, we will send you those e-mail subscriptions. Please note that regardless of those subscription preferences, we may contact you by e-mail as described elsewhere in this privacy policy (e.g., to notify you about changes or additions to our Service, such as new features). However, if you no longer wish to receive any of the foregoing, you may change your preferences for the future at any time by clicking on the following link: https://ssl.washingtonpost.com/actmgmt/registration/addnewsletter/long
In order to provide services free of charge, we display advertisements. washingtonpost.com delivers targeted advertisements on behalf of advertisers. Advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach (for example, females over 25 years old). We take the advertisement and display it to users meeting those criteria. In this process, the advertiser never has access to you washingtonpost.com account.Washingtonpost.com also does research on our users&rsquo; demographics, interests and behavior based on the information you provide to us including upon registration, on order forms, during a promotion, as well as from our server log files or from surveys. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed and washingtonpost.com may share aggregated versions of this data with advertisers or other businesses. In addition, under confidentiality agreements, washingtonpost.com may match user information with third party data.
Do other companies or people have access to personally identifiable information I provide to washingtonpost.com?
When you are on an area of washingtonpost.com and are asked for personally identifiable information, you are providing that information to The Washington Post Company, its divisions or affiliates, or vendors providing contractual services for washingtonpost.com (such as hosting vendors and list managers). If personally identifiable information is being provided to and/or maintained by any company other than these, our policy is that we will not transfer that personally identifiable information unless notice is given prior to transfer. If you do not want your information to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service or by expressing this preference, if requested. Additional information about personally identifiable information follows.
Promotions: Promotions that run on washingtonpost.com may be sponsored by companies other than washingtonpost.com or may be co-sponsored by washingtonpost.com and another company. Some or all personally identifiable information provided by you during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor. If information will be shared, we will disclose such sharing prior to the transfer. You can decide not to participate in the promotion if you don&rsquo;t want your personally identifiable information to be shared. In certain circumstances, you may not be able to participate in a particular promotion if you chose not to share personally identifiable information. Currently, most washingtonpost.com promotions are limited to U.S. or North American residents.
Advertisers and Links: washingtonpost.com advertisers, or Web sites that have links on our site, may also collect personally identifiable information directly from you, and these parties may collect such information over time and across different websites. The information practices of companies collecting data on our site or Web sites linked to washingtonpost.com are not covered by this privacy statement.
Marketplace: If you make a purchase or request a service from a business in Marketplace, the information you provide for that transaction (as well as tracking information and cookies as described below) is provided directly to the Marketplace business. Businesses listed in washingtonpost.com Marketplace have separate privacy and data collection practices. washingtonpost.com has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. For more information regarding the business and its privacy policy, go to that business&rsquo; home page and click on the appropriate link.
Other: If we run competitions or contests on the site, you may be required to provide additional information such as your telephone number and address in order to participate. The exact rules may vary in each case but the specific rules for any contest will state how that information may be used. If you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving e-mail from us, we may send you e-mails about washingtonpost.com products, promotions, or services as well as on behalf of other companies. You can change your account preferences at any time. In addition, in each advertising email you will be provided an ability to opt-out of receiving future emails from the advertiser.We do not control the privacy policies of our advertisers, sponsors or other sites or businesses to which we provide hyperlinks or access. Please visit the sites of these businesses to review their privacy policies.Washingtonpost.com users should also be aware that, when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards, that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others.Except as stated in this privacy policy or at the time of collection, a user&rsquo;s personally identifiable information will not be transferred to a party outside The Washington Post Company, its divisions or affiliates, or its service vendors unless notice is given at the time of collection or prior to transfer. washingtonpost.com may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information may be necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our User Agreement, may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) washingtonpost.com&rsquo;s rights or property, other washingtonpost.com users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities, pursuant to a request from law enforcement, a subpoena, or a court order, or when otherwise may be required by law.
Data Security: We have in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online. However, as effective as these measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet.
What information do web servers collect?
Web servers serving washingtonpost.com automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information, such as which pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors. This information is used for various purposes including internal review, to tailor information to individual visitors and other users, for traffic audits, and as described elsewhere in this privacy policy. We also provide this information (as well as information from third-party market researchers) about our users on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our advertisers.
What are cookies and how does washingtonpost.com use them?
Washingtonpost.com places a &ldquo;cookie&rdquo; on the browser of a washingtonpost.com user&rsquo;s computer to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a Web site; we may also use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as measuring certain traffic patterns. For example, cookies are used to ensure that you don&rsquo;t see the same ad too many times in a single session and that you do not have to reenter your login name or password during your visit. We may also use cookies to understand your use of the Service. Advertising service vendors that serve ads into our site may also use their own cookies. You may opt out of those cookies as described below. You may opt-out of the cookies delivered by washingtonpost.com by changing the setting on your browser. Please be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser, not just the ones delivered by washingtonpost.com.
How can I opt out of online advertising cookies?
Online advertising for washingtonpost.com is delivered by the vendor DoubleClick. DoubleClick places cookies on your browser to facilitate serving particular ads &ndash; for instance, to help determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before, to tailor ads to you if you have visited our site before, and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. You can opt out of DoubleClick&rsquo;s use of cookies for these purposes by visiting http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/.In some cases, we and advertisers on washingtonpost.com and other sites work with other third-party vendors to help deliver advertisements tailored to your interests. These vendors include ad networks and audience segment providers, and they place cookies on your browser to collect information about your online activity (e.g., the sites and pages you have visited) in order to help advertisers deliver particular ads on our site and other sites that they believe you would find most relevant. You can opt out of those vendors&rsquo; use of cookies to tailor advertising to you by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/.Often our advertisers contract with a third-party service to host their ads. In this case, an ad serving vendor contacts the advertisers&rsquo; hosting service for a particular advertisement. In that case, an independent cookie may be used by the third-party service. We do not have a mechanism to allow visitors to opt-out of cookies from vendors with whom we do not have a contractual relationship.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some web browsers may transmit &ldquo;do-not-track&rdquo; signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, and there currently is disagreement, including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization, concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals. Washingtonpost.com currently does not take action in response to these signals, although, if and when a final standard is established and accepted, washingtonpost.com may reassess how to respond to these signals. In the meantime, and as described above, you can opt out of DoubleClick&rsquo;s use of cookies to tailor advertising to you by visiting http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/ , and you can opt out of certain other vendors&rsquo; use of cookies to tailor advertising to you by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/.&rdquo;Kids under 13: Do not send any information about yourself to us - including information like your name, address or e-mail address. In general, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If, in limited circumstances, we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13, we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection. In the event that we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible.Technology on the Internet is developing at a rapid pace, and we need to maintain our flexibility in the online arena. If we need to change our policy in the future, we will post these changes as soon as they go into effect.&copy; Copyright 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2010, 2014 WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post***Related: Terms of Service and Discussion and Submission Guidelines
Reprints
Top Stories
Most Popular Videos
How to debunk the ‘war on women’
Charles Krauthammer&nbsp;
Arctic air retreats, but wintry worries don&#039;t disappear for long
The 1% as victims? That’s rich!
Eugene Robinson&nbsp;
MSNBC president under fire in new controversy
9 questions about Ukraine you were too embarrassed to ask
Montgomery police sergeant fatally shoots son while defending wife, authorities say
Dan Morse&nbsp;
Carolyn Hax: Don’t expect much when you try to set the record straight
Carolyn Hax&nbsp;
After billions in U.S. investment, Afghan roads are falling apart
Kevin Sieff&nbsp;
Romanian orphanage survivor hopes his documentary can spare others from suffering
America doesn’t need a lame-duck president
Dana Milbank&nbsp;
An over-the-top ad against Keystone XL
Why Jeb Bush is the single biggest question mark in the 2016 sweepstakes
Some state rebrand controversial Common Core education standards
Lyndsey Layton&nbsp;
D.C. fire lieutenant, firefighter put on leave amid investigation into reported neglect
Peter Hermann&nbsp;
Amanda Knox: ‘I will never go willingly back’
Associated Press&nbsp;
Hispanics often lead the way in their faith in the American Dream, poll finds
Pamela Constable&nbsp;
Super Bowl 2014: Peyton Manning signing was Denver Broncos' gamble that paid off big
Mark Maske&nbsp;
Snowy owl hit by bus in downtown D.C.
Michael E. Ruane&nbsp;
Gunman’s doctor before rampage: ‘No problem there’
Associated Press&nbsp;
Four words in the ACA could spell its doom
George F. Will&nbsp;
The Post Most
1
How to debunk the &#039;war on women&#039;
2
Arctic air retreats, but wintry worries don&#039;t disappear for long
3
The 1% as victims? That&#039;s rich!
4
MSNBC president under fire in new controversy
5
9 questions about Ukraine you were too embarrassed to ask
Market Watch
DJIA
-1.44%
S&P; 500
-0.82%
NASDAQ
-1.03%
Get Quote
&nbsp;Last Update:
10:31 AM 01/31/2014
Today's Paper
Full list of today'sprint stories &raquo;
View our e-Replicaedition &raquo;
SUBSCRIBE &raquo;
Live Discussions
Carolyn Hax
Live chat, noon ETCarolyn takes your questions on her love, relationships and this strange train we call life.
11:00 AM
The Fix Live
11:00 AM
Real Wheels Live
12:00 PM
Carolyn Hax Live (Friday, January 31)
Weekly schedule, past shows
