
Fitbit
Log in / Sign up
Help
Cart
Home
Products
Wireless Tracker
Overview
Features
Gallery
Raves
Specs
Premium Membership
Mobile
Blog
About
Buy Now
Privacy Policy
Fitbit ("Fitbit," "we", "us," "our," ) is committed to maintaining the privacy, integrity and
security of any personal information about our users. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains
how we protect personal information provided through our website www.fitbit.com (the
"Fitbit.com" or "the Site") and how we use and in some cases disclose that information in
connection with our service offered through the Site (the "Service"). "Personal information" for
purposes of this Policy means information that identifies you, such as your name, address, phone
number, fax number or email address.
This privacy policy is subject to the provisions our Terms of Use, which are incorporated by
reference. To see the Terms of Use click here.
We limit the collection, use and disclosure of personal information
Certain areas and features of Fitbit.com are available to you without registration or the need to
provide to us any information. However, other features of the Site or the Service may require
registration, which requires you to provide an email address (which will be your login ID) and
to create an account password (collectively the "Registration Information"). In order to benefit
from the full functionality of the Service, you can also provide additional details about
yourself such as height, weight, gender, age, etc. We do not and will not sell or rent your
personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any time. Fitbit uses and discloses your
personal information only as follows:
to analyze Site usage and improve the Service;
to deliver to you any administrative notices and communications relevant to your use of the
Service;
for internal market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, and detecting and
protecting against error, fraud or other criminal activity;
to third-party contractors that provide services to Fitbit and are bound by the privacy
restrictions set forth in this Policy;
to enforce the Fitbit Terms of Use; and
as otherwise set forth in this Policy.
In addition, access to your Registration Information, Account Credentials, Account
Information and any other personal information you provide is strictly restricted to Fitbit
employees and contractors, as needed in order to operate, develop or improve the Service. This
access is subject to specific internal procedures and safeguards. These individuals have are
selected in accordance with our security policies and practices and are bound by confidentiality
obligations. They may be subject to discipline, including termination and other sanctions, if
they fail to meet these obligations.
From time to time, we may request other personal information to provide you with other benefits
of the Service. In all such instances, you will be given the option of whether or not to provide
that information, and any information you provide will be used only for the purpose stated at
the time you provide that information.
Fitbit may disclose information collected as personal information only in a non-personally
identifiable manner to:
Organizations approved by Fitbit that conduct consumer research into health and wellness;
Users of the Service for purposes of comparison of their personal health and wellness situation
relative to the broader community; and
Advertisers and other third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes, such as the
number of users who clicked on a particular Fitbit Offer.
Your account settings and Your Sharing User Generated Content
If you use a message board, blog, journal or any other method of posting user-generated content
on our Site, you should be aware that any information you submit there can be read, collected or
used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible
for the personal information you choose to submit in these areas.
Through the Service, Fitbit enables you, if you wish, to share information with others, as this
is an important motivator to achieve fitness goals. Fitbit is dedicated to providing you with
full control of your personal data. As such, Fitbit provides you with privacy settings, which
you can change at any time by visiting http://www.fitbit.com/user/profile/privacy.
Fitbit generally allows you to set pieces of data to be private, viewable to friends only and
public. We encourage you to consider these privacy settings before sharing information on the
Site, and to periodically review your privacy settings and adjust them in accordance with your
preferences.
Fitbit's default settings for new users who signed up on or after the Effective Date will
generally be set forth as follows:
Default Public - Basic information (e.g., profile photo, nickname, steps and distance, etc.)
will be available to everyone
Default Friends - Information your friends likely already know about you (e.g., real name,
"About Me," age, gender, height, location, etc.) will be available to your friends
Default Private - Information likely to be sensitive (e.g., activity data, food, weight,
body data, measurements, journal, mood, allergies, sleep statistics, non-profile photos,
etc.) will not be available to third parties
For users who signed up prior to the Effective Date and whose activity data was set to "public,"
Fitbit will change this setting to "friends" on the Effective Date.
Generally, Fitbit limits search engine access to the Site, and instructs search engines not to
index user profile pages. However, search engines may access profile information set to the
"public" privacy setting.
Online session information (cookies and web beacons)
When you visit Fitbit.com, we may collect technical and navigational information, such as
computer browser type, Internet protocol address, pages visited, and average time spent on our
Site. This information may be used, for example, to alert you to software compatibility issues,
or it may be analyzed to improve our Site design and functionality.
"Cookies" are alphanumeric identifiers in the form of text files that are inserted and stored by
your Web browser on your computer's hard drive. Fitbit may set and access cookies on your
computer to track and store preferential information about you. Fitbit may gather information
about you through cookie technology. For example, Fitbit may assign a cookie to you, to limit
the amount of times you see a particular Fitbit Offer (defined below) or to help better
determine which Fitbit Offers to serve to you. Please note that most Internet browsers will
allow you to stop cookies from being stored on your computer and to delete cookies stored on
your computer. If you choose to eliminate cookies, the full functionality of the Service may be
impaired for you.
"Web beacons" are images embedded in a Web page or email for the purpose of measuring and
analyzing Site usage and activity. Fitbit, or third party service providers acting on our
behalf, may use Web beacons to help us analyze Site usage and improve the Service.
We may use third party service providers to help us analyze certain online activities and improve
our products and services. For example, these service providers may help us measure the
performance of our online campaigns or analyze visitor activity on Fitbit.com. We may permit
these service providers to use cookies and other technologies to perform these services for
Fitbit. We do not share any personal information about our customers with these third party
service providers, and these service providers do not collect such information on our behalf.
Our third party service providers are required to comply fully with this Policy.
Third parties offering other products or services will not be given your personal information
without your permission.
There are a number of separate products and services offered by third parties advertised by us on
our Site and through the Service that may be complementary to your use of Fitbit.com, such as
health clubs, weight loss programs and sports and fitness equipment makers (collectively,
"Fitbit Offers"). If you choose to use these separate products or services, disclose information
to the providers, or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of
your information is governed by their privacy policies. You should evaluate the practices of
external service providers before deciding to use their services. Fitbit is not responsible for
their privacy practices. If you click on a link to a third party site, Fitbit encourages you to
check the privacy policy of that site. Fitbit may present links in a format that enables us to
keep track of whether these links have been followed and whether any action has been taken on a
third party web site. We use this information to improve the quality of the Fitbit Offers and
customized content on the Service.
Contests, giveaways and surveys
From time to time, Fitbit may offer you the opportunity to participate in contests, giveaways and
other promotions. Any information submitted in connection with such activities will be treated
in accordance with this Policy, except as specifically set forth in the rules for those
contests, giveaways or promotions. From time to time, Fitbit may also ask you to participate in
surveys designed to help Fitbit improve the Site. Any personal information provided to Fitbit in
connection with any survey will be used only in relation to that survey and as elsewhere set
forth in this Policy.
Disclosure of your information to protect our rights or if required by
law
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fitbit reserves the right (and you authorize Fitbit) to share or
disclose your personal information when Fitbit determines, in its sole discretion, that the
disclosure of such information is necessary or appropriate:
To enforce our rights against you or in connection with a breach by you of this Policy or
the Fitbit Terms of Use;
To prevent prohibited or illegal activities; or
When required by any applicable law, rule, regulation, subpoena or other legal process.
In connection with sale of our company or any of its assets, or disposition of its assets in
bankruptcy.
Your data may be transferred upon acquisition of Fitbit but only in
accordance with this Policy
Personal information may be transferred to a third party as a result of a sale, acquisition,
merger, reorganization or other transfer (a "Transfer") involving Fitbit. Fitbit specifically
reserves the right to transfer personal information to a third party in connection with a
Transfer. Should such a Transfer occur, we will use our best efforts to require that the new
entity follow this Policy with respect to your personal information, as and to the extent
required by applicable law and to require that you receive prior notice if your personal
information could be used contrary to this Policy.
You can transport or delete your data
You can remove any information you provide via the Site at anytime by logging in to your account.
When you request that we delete your account for the Service, your data will be permanently
expunged from our primary production servers and further access to your account will not be
possible. However, portions of your data, consisting of aggregate data derived from your
Account Information, may remain on our production servers indefinitely. Your data may also
remain on a backup server or media. Fitbit keeps these backups to ensure our continued ability
to provide the Service to you in the event of malfunction or damage to our primary production
servers. We also reserve the right to use any aggregated or de-identified data derived from or
incorporating your personal information.
Email communications from us
We may provide our registered customers with weekly summaries of their Account Information and
email alerts. We also allow users to subscribe to email newsletters and from time to time may
transmit emails promoting Fitbit or third-party goods or services.
Fitbit subscribers have the ability to opt-out of receiving our weekly summaries and promotional
emails and to terminate their newsletter subscriptions by following the instructions in the
emails. Opting out in this manner will not end transmission of service-related emails, such as
email alerts.
Your data is secure
We use a combination of firewall barriers, encryption techniques and authentication procedures,
among others, to maintain the security of your data and to protect Fitbit accounts and systems
from unauthorized access.
When you register for the Service, Fitbit requires a password from you for your privacy and
security. This password is stored in an encrypted fashion on our systems.
However, it is important to understand that these precautions apply only to our Site and systems.
We exercise no control over how your information is stored, maintained or displayed by third
parties or on third-party sites.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login
ID and password
We recommend that you change your password periodically. You are responsible for maintaining the
security of your login ID and password. You may not provide these credentials to any third
party. If you believe that they have been stolen or made known to others, you must contact us
immediately at support@fitbit.com, but in any event
you should change your password immediately via the Service. We are not responsible if someone
else accesses your account through Registration Information they have obtained from you or
through a violation by you of this Policy or the Fitbit Terms of Use.
If you have a security related concern, please contact us at
support@fitbit.com. We will work closely with you to
ensure a rapid and personal response to your concerns.
We post updates on our website whenever there is a change to this
Policy
We update this Policy periodically. The date last revised appears at the bottom of the Policy.
Changes take effect immediately upon posting.
Children
We do not want to collect any personal information from children under age 13. If we discover
that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifying information, we
will remove it from our systems immediately.
Contact us if you have any questions or concerns
If you have questions, comments, concerns or feedback regarding this Policy or any other privacy
or security concern, send an e-mail to support@fitbit.com.
This policy was last updated on July 21, 2011 ("Effective Date").
