
Log In
Sign Up
Home
Features
Blog
About
Store
Community
Privacy Policy
Fitbit is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of any personal information about our users. This Privacy Policy explains how we protect personal information provided through our website www.fitbit.com (the “Site”) and how we use that information in connection with our service offered through the Site (the “Service”). “Personal information” for purposes of this Policy means information that identifies you, such as your name, address, phone number, fax number or email address.
Your privacy is not for sale
We do not and will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any time. Fitbit uses and discloses your personal information only as follows:
to analyze site usage and improve the Service;
to deliver to you any administrative notices and communications relevant to your use of the Service;
for internal market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other criminal activity;
to third-party contractors that provide services to Fitbit and are bound by these same privacy restrictions;
to enforce the Fitbit Terms of Use; and
as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We limit the collection and use of personal information
Certain areas and features of Fitbit.com are available to you without registration or the need to provide to us any information. However, other features of the Site or the Service may require registration, which involves provision to Fitbit of an email address and a password (collectively the “Registration Information”). In order to benefit from the full functionality of the Service, you can also provide additional details about yourself such as height, weight, gender, age, etc. From time to time we may request other personal information to provide you with other benefits of the Service. In all such instances, you will be given the opportunity to provide or to decline to provide that information, and it will be used only for the stated purpose. Fitbit may make anonymous or aggregate personal information and disclose such data only in a non-personally identifiable manner to:
Organizations approved by Fitbit that conduct or consume research into health and wellness
Users of the Service for purposes of comparison of their personal health and wellness situation relative to the broader community.
Advertisers and other third parties for their marketing and promotional purposes, such as the number of users who clicked on a particular Fitbit Offer;
Such information does not identify you individually. Access to your Registration Information, Account Credentials, Account Information and any other personal information you provide is strictly restricted to Fitbit employees and contractors, as needed, and in accordance with specific internal procedures and safeguard governing access, in order to operate, develop or improve the Service. These individuals have been selected in accordance with our security policies and practices and are bound by confidentiality obligations. They may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Online session information and use is only used to improve your experience
When you visit Fitbit.com, we may collect technical and navigational information, such as computer browser type, Internet protocol address, pages visited, and average time spent on our Site. This information may be used, for example, to alert you to software compatibility issues, or it may be analyzed to improve our Web design and functionality.
“Cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers in the form of text files that are inserted and stored by your Web browser on your computer’s hard drive. Fitbit may set and access cookies on your computer to track and store preferential information about you. Fitbit may gather information about you through cookie technology. For example, Fitbit may assign a cookie to you, to limit the amount of times you see a particular Fitbit Offer or to help better determine which Fitbit Offers to serve to you. Please note that most Internet browsers will allow you to stop cookies from being stored on your computer and to delete cookies stored on your computer. If you choose to eliminate cookies, the full functionality of the Service may be impaired for you.
Web beacons are images embedded in a Web page or email for the purpose of measuring and analyzing site usage and activity. Fitbit, or third party service providers acting on our behalf, may use Web beacons to help us analyze Site usage and improve the Service.
We may use third party service providers to help us analyze certain online activities. For example, these service providers may help us measure the performance of our online campaigns or analyze visitor activity on Fitbit.com. We may permit these service providers to use cookies and other technologies to perform these services for Fitbit. We do not share any personal information about our customers with these third party service providers, and these service providers do not collect such information on our behalf. Our third party service providers are required to comply fully with this Privacy Policy.
Third parties offering other products or services will not be given your personal information without your permission
There are a number of separate products and services offered by third parties advertised by us on our Site and through the Service that may be complementary to your use of Fitbit.com, such as health clubs, weight loss programs and sports and fitness equipment makers (collectively, “Fitbit Offers”). If you choose to use these separate products or services, disclose information to the providers, or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their privacy policies. You should evaluate the practices of external services providers before deciding to use their services. Fitbit is not responsible for their privacy practices. If you click on a link to a third party site, Fitbit encourages you to check the privacy policy of that site. Fitbit may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed and whether any action has been taken on a third party Web site. We use this information to improve the quality of the Fitbit Offers and customized content on the Service.
User-Generated Content
If you use a message board, blog, journal or any other method of posting user-generated content on our Site, you should be aware that any information you submit there can be read, collected or used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these areas.
Contests, Giveaways and Surveys
From time to time, Fitbit may offer you the opportunity to participate in contests, giveaways and other promotions. Any information submitted in connection with such activities will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, except as specifically set forth in the rules for those contests, giveaways or promotions. From time to time, Fitbit may also ask you to participate in surveys designed to help Fitbit improve the Site. Any personal information provided to Fitbit in connection with any survey will be used only in relation to that survey and as elsewhere set forth in this Policy.
Disclosure of your information to protect our rights or if required by law
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fitbit reserves the right (and you authorize Fitbit) to share or disclose your personal information when Fitbit determines, in its sole discretion, that the disclosure of such information is necessary or appropriate:
To enforce our rights against you or in connection with a breach by you of this Privacy Policy or the Fitbit Terms of Use;
To prevent prohibited or illegal activities; or
When required by any applicable law, rule regulation, subpoena or other legal process.
Your data may be transferred upon acquisition of Fitbit but only in accordance with this Policy
Personal information may be transferred to a third party as a result of a sale, acquisition, merger, reorganization or other transfer (a “Transfer”) involving Fitbit. Fitbit specifically reserves the right to transfer personal information to a third party in connection with a Transfer. Should such a Transfer occur, we will use our best efforts to require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information, as and to the extent required by applicable law and to require that you receive prior notice if your personal information could be used contrary to this Policy.
You can transport or delete your data
Your data is yours. You can remove it anytime you want. When you request us to delete your account for the Service, your data will be permanently expunged from our primary production servers and further access to your account will not be possible. However, portions of your data, consisting of aggregate data derived from your Account Information, may remain on our production servers indefinitely. Your data may also remain on a backup server or media. Fitbit keeps these backups to ensure our continued ability to provide the Service to you in the event of malfunction or damage to our primary production servers. We also reserve the right to use any aggregated or anonymous data derived from or incorporating your personal information.
Email communications from us
We reserve the to provide our registered customers with weekly summaries of their Account Information and email alerts. We also allow users to subscribe to email newsletters and from time to time may transmit emails promoting Fitbit or third-party goods or services.
Fitbit subscribers have the ability to opt-out of receiving our weekly summaries and promotional emails and to terminate their newsletter subscriptions by following the instructions in the emails. Opting out in this manner will not end transmission of service-related emails, such as email alerts.
Your data is secure
We use a combination of firewall barriers, encryption techniques and authentication procedures, among others, to maintain the security of your data and to protect Fitbit accounts and systems from unauthorized access.
When you register for the Service, Fitbit requires a password from you for your privacy and security. This password is stored in an encrypted fashion on our systems.
However, it is important to understand that these precautions apply only to our Site and systems. We exercise no control over how your information is stored, maintained or displayed by third parties or on third-party sites.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Login ID and Password
We recommend that you change your password periodically. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Login ID and Password. You may not provide these credentials to any third party. If you believe that they have been stolen or been made known to others, you must contact us immediately at security@fitbit.com, but in any event you should change your password immediately via the Service. We are not responsible if someone else accesses your account through Registration Information they have obtained from you or through a violation by you of this Privacy Policy or the Fitbit Terms of Use.
If you have a security related concern, please contact us at support@fitbit.com. We will work closely with you to ensure a rapid and personal response to your concerns.
We post updates on our website whenever there is a change to our Privacy Policy
We update this Privacy Policy periodically. The date last revised appears at the bottom of the Policy. Changes take effect immediately upon posting.
Contact us if you have any questions or concerns
If you have questions, comments, concerns or feedback regarding this Privacy and Security Policy or any other privacy or security concern, send an e-mail to support@fitbit.com.
This policy was last updated on September 28th, 2009.
