
<!--&nbsp;-->
&nbsp;
Examples of How We Use Your
Information in our Business
We use the information you enter into our products and
services to produce results you ask for, like tax return
filings, payroll processing, budget graphs, reports on how
you spend your money, etc. We use your contact
information to deliver items you bought from us or to send
you information about your account or a problem with a
product or service. We use your billing
information to process your payments.
We use information about products and services you have
used to ask you to participate in surveys and research and
to send you information about other products that may be
useful to you. We use information about your visits
to our websites to recognize you when you come back and Internet advertising
networks may use your web browsing history to show you advertising.
In combination with information from many customers, we
look to see what web pages are most effective or to find and
fix problems. We use similar information in our products and
services to see what users do and to find and fix problems.
And we may share reports that combine the information from
many users.
We use information to find and prevent fraud.
Online Security Center Home &gt; Privacy at Intuit
Intuit Privacy Highlights
We will not, without your permission, sell,
publish or share information you entrust to us
that identifies you or any person.
What Type of Information We Collect
Personal information such as your name, shipping/billing address,
e-mail, phone, and credit card number when you interact with us
for sales, service, support, registration, and payment.
Your username and password to allow access to our products and services.
Information about your system as it interacts with us such as your IP address and browser information.
User feedback, community discussions, chats and other interactions at our sites.
What We Do With Your Information
As a steward of your information, we will:
Use your information to operate our business and to help us improve your experience with our products.
Tell you about the products and services that are available to you.
Give you choices about our use of information that identifies you.
Give open and clear explanations about how we use information.
Publish or share combined information from many users, but only in a way that would not allow you or any person to be identified. For an example, see this from Intuit Payroll at http://payroll.intuit.com/employment_index/.
Train our employees about how to keep information safe and secure, and educate you about how to keep your information safe and secure
Learn more about Data Stewardship at Intuit.
Security of your Information
We use accepted best methods to protect your information. We review our security procedures carefully.
We comply with applicable laws and security standards.
Your sensitive information, such as credit card information, is sent securely.
Our staff is trained and required to safeguard your information.
We transmit, store, protect and access all cardholder information in compliance with the Payment Card Industry's Data Security Standards.
More details on protecting your information can be found on the Intuit Security website.
This Web site is privacy certified by TRUSTe Privacy Seal
Intuit has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying
that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by
TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program
requirements including transparency, accountability and choice
regarding the collection and use of your personal information.
The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be
collected through downloadable software. TRUSTe's mission, as
an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust
among consumers and organizations globally through its leading
privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have
questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or
practices, please contact us at Privacy Team, Intuit, Inc.
2800 E Commerce Center Place, Tucson, AZ 85706. If you are not
satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe
here.
&nbsp;
The following Intuit businesses and processes comply with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland: QuickBooks Online Global, Intuit Brainstorm, QuickBase, and Intuit Procurement contracting and puchasing. Intuit has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Intuit's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.
Privacy Topics:
Privacy at Intuit
Data Stewardship
Intuit Services
Online Services
Mobile Services
On Your Computer
For Individuals
For Businesses
Marketing Preferences
Modify Your Intuit Marketing
Preferences
Contact Us
Privacy Team
Intuit Inc.
2800 East Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
Contact Online
&nbsp;
Support | About
Intuit | Careers | Security
| Contact
Us | International |
Intuit
Labs | Privacy | Legal | &copy; 2011
Intuit Inc. All rights reserved.
Effective Date: April 15, 2011
Improved description of tracking practices and joint marketing programs in the Services section.
If we make material changes to any of our privacy policies or practices regarding personal information we will update our statement and post a notice on our site 30 days before the changes take effect.
<!--
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES
-->
