
<!-- -->
<!--
-->
Help
Entire Site
Help
Apparel
Baby
Books
Electronics
Gifts
Grocery
Health &amp; Beauty
For the Home
Jewelry
Movies &amp; TV
Music
Pets
Pharmacy
Photo Center
Outdoor Living
Sports &amp; Fitness
Toys
Video Games
Search for a Store
Please enter a five-digit ZIP Code.
Find another store
Enter a ZIP Code:
View This Week's Store Ad
Please enter a five-digit ZIP Code.
Sept. 27 - Oct. 3
Enter ZIP Code:
<!-- There are no Local Ads at this time. -->
<!--Online Specials
Rollbacks
-->
Baby Registry
Wedding Registry
Wish List
Gift Cards
Order Number (13 digits):
Please enter a valid order number.
- OR -
View your Orders
in the last 90 days
Track Order
My Account
My Wedding Registry
My Baby Registry
My Pharmacy Account
My Wish List
My Store Shopping List
Sign in to view your account.
Create a new Walmart.com account.
Departments
Jewelry
Services
Apparel
Movies &amp; TV Shows
Classifieds
Baby
Music CDs
Gift Registry
Books
Music Downloads
Money Center
Computers
Pets
Wish List
Contact Lenses
Pharmacy
In Stores Now
Electronics
Photo Center
Food &amp; Recipes Center
For the Home
Outdoor Living
Health &amp; Wellness Center
Furniture
Sports &amp; Fitness
New in Stores
Gifts
Tires
Walmart Events
Gift Cards
Toys
Help
Grocery
Video Games
Ordering
Health &amp; Beauty
In Stores Now
Shipping &amp; Returns
There is an error below.
There are errors below.
You are here:
Home Page&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;Help&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;Privacy &amp; Security&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;Privacy Policy Highlights&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;Full Privacy Policy
Shop
Help
Help
New Customer
Ordering
Products and Merchandise
Privacy &amp; Security
Privacy Policy Highlights
Full Privacy Policy
ThinkPrivacy
Online Security: Phishing
Learn About Your Communications Preferences
Pharmacy Privacy Notice
Verified by Visa
Vision Center Privacy Notice
Live Chat Terms and Conditions
Shipping and Returns
Using Your Account
Wal-Mart Services
Wal-Mart Services
Privacy Policy
Notice and Scope of Our Privacy Practices
Our Pledge of Accountability
Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information Outside Walmart
Your Choices
How to Access and Update Your Information
How We Secure Your Information
Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information
Privacy of Children Online
International
Changes to the Walmart Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Your California Privacy Rights
Privacy Policy
Walmart recognizes the importance of information privacy. We believe that privacy is more than an issue of compliance &#8211; it is one of trust. We strive to manage your personal information in accordance with our basic belief of respect for the individual. This policy describes:
How and why we collect your personal information.
How your information is used and protected.
When and with whom we share your information.
The choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your information.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us as described in the section entitled &#8220;Contact Us&#8221; below.
Notice and Scope of Our Privacy Practices
Walmart provides customers with clear, prominent, and easily accessible information about its privacy practices. This policy applies to Walmart operations, both in stores and online, in the United States and Puerto Rico. Examples include Walmart, Supercenters, Neighborhood Markets, and Walmart.com. Sam&#39;s Club has its own privacy policy for its members. Read more about the Sam&#39;s Club Privacy Policy.
Our Pledge of Accountability
Walmart expects our associates and business partners to manage your personal information properly and maintain your trust. We are accountable for complying with this policy and take reasonable and timely steps to ensure compliance.
Information We Collect
We collect personal information about you to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience. We do this using lawful and fair methods. We strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection.
Information You Give Us
We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Walmart, both in stores and online. Some examples are when you:
Create an account on one of our websites;
Make an online or in-store purchase from us;
Use a gift registry;
Request check cashing, apply for credit, or purchase certain financial products;
Conduct a transaction where we collect information required by law (such as the sale of pseudoephedrine);
Request customer service or contact us;
Submit a Walmart related story or testimonial;
Participate in a contest, sweepstake, promotion, or survey; or
Otherwise submit personal information to us.
Personal information is information that identifies you specifically. The personal information we collect may include contact and payment information like your name, email and physical addresses, phone numbers, and credit and debit card numbers. When you ask us to ship an order, we may collect information you provide us such as the name, address, and phone number of recipients. We may collect your Social Security Number where required for certain transactions, such as to purchase firearms, or to help provide credit or other financial products and services.
Information from Other Sources
We may receive personal information about you from other sources as well. Examples of these sources are entities that can help us correct our records, improve the quality or personalization of our service to you, and help prevent or detect fraud. In addition, we may collect information from consumer reporting agencies, affiliates, or other service providers if you apply for credit or purchase certain financial products.
Automated Information Collection
We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our websites, emails, and online advertising. Our purpose is to allow the websites to work correctly, to evaluate use of the website, and to support website analytics and marketing campaigns. Some examples include:
We may collect technical information such as your internet protocol address, your computer&#39;s operating system and browser type, the address of a referring website, if any, and the path you take through our web pages.
We use &#8220;cookies&#8221; to recognize you as you use or return to our sites. This is done so that we can provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you. A cookie is a small text file that a website or email may save to your browser and store on your hard drive.
We may also use web beacons. Beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited, an email was opened, or if ad banners on our website and other sites were effective.
We operate cameras in stores for security and operational purposes, such as to measure traffic patterns. When used for operational purposes, we do not use these cameras to identify you personally.
How We Use Your Information
Walmart uses your information to provide requested products and services and to support core business functions. These include fulfillment, internal business processes, marketing, authentication and fraud prevention, and public safety and legal functions. Some examples include:
To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests;
To register and service your account;
To administer surveys, sweepstakes, contests, and promotions;
To provide customer service and alert you to product information, including recalls;
To help us improve and customize our service offerings, websites, and advertising;
To send you information about our products, services and promotions;
To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business; and
With regard to credit qualification and applications.
To accomplish these purposes, we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect online with offline information, including information from third parties. We may also share your information within our family of corporate affiliates, including Sam&#39;s Club, to accomplish these and our affiliates&#39; purposes. However, we do not share with affiliates information that you provide to purchase a financial product or service like check cashing, money orders, money transfers, or bill pay.
How We Share Your Information Outside Walmart
Walmart does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. We may share your personal information, whether you are a current or former customer, only under the following limited circumstances.
Service Providers
We may share information about you with service providers or suppliers that help with our business operations. Examples are shipping vendors, billing and refund vendors, credit card processors, and companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites. We require these service providers and suppliers to keep the information secure. We also prohibit them from using your information for any purposes other than those requested by us.
Credit Applications
If you apply for a Walmart credit card, such as a co-branded or private label card, we may share your information with the financial institution(s) that we partner with to offer the credit card. Our partner may only use the information you give to us to provide the credit card. Similarly, if you qualify for a credit account and are not offered credit by Walmart, we may share your information with our partner so that they may extend the offer of credit as required by law.
Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others
We may share your information in other special circumstances. These include situations when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or that the sharing is necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of Walmart, our customers, our associates, or any other person. Examples include protecting the health or safety of customers, or addressing crimes committed on Walmart property. Data from in-store security cameras may also be provided to law enforcement upon written request.
Marketing Purposes
Based only on your express consent, we may share information with carefully selected vendors who may offer you products and services of interest. You may opt-in to this sharing under the &#8220;Your Choices&#8221; section below.
Aggregate Information
We may share aggregate and statistical data that does not identify you personally. We may do this for research and marketing purposes, for instance to describe our services to prospective partners or advertisers, and for other lawful purposes.
Business Transfers
In the unlikely event that Walmart or substantially all of its assets are acquired by an unrelated third party, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets.
Your Choices
Marketing Preferences
We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us. Examples are newsletters, special offers, and new product announcements. We use the following standards for marketing communications:
We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages. We also use an opt-in standard for sharing information with third parties for marketing purposes. Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent.
We use an opt-out standard for all other communications. Opt-out means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to.
You can provide us your marketing preferences by visiting the Privacy Preference Center. The Preference Center allows you to update or change your preferences about receiving marketing materials at any time.
Or you may contact us as described in the Contact Us section below.
If you contact us by email or mail, please be sure to include your full name, the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive, and your related contact information. For instance, if you would like to opt-out of mail, include your mailing address.
Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed. It may take up to 10 days to process your requests related to email and 4-6 weeks for other requests. You can also change your mind about your marketing preferences. To do so, you can visit the Privacy Preference Center or contact us at one of the above addresses.
Please be aware that, even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still contact you for transactional purposes. Some examples are contacts for customer service, product information, service or reminder notices, or recalls. We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order, such as regarding order status, shipment, or refunds.
Credit offerings
The above marketing preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partner(s). However, you can choose to stop receiving prescreened offers of credit from all companies, including our prescreened offers, by calling 1-888-567-8688 or by going to www.optoutprescreen.com.
Online Operations and Advertising
You may exercise choices related to our online operations and advertising. For instance, you can choose to browse our websites without accepting cookies. Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page, and they support your transactions with us. Without cookies enabled, you will still be able to browse our websites, but will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain website features.
To learn more about cookies, including how to refuse cookies on your computer, follow these links:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Netscape Navigator
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
All About Cookies
You may also opt-out of certain online advertising.
Walmart.com participates in an ad network for some of the advertising found on the site.
The ad network allows us to display advertisements that are tailored to your browsing interests on our websites and other sites.
It also allows us to avoid sending you duplicate ads and to control the frequency of the ads you see.
Walmart uses one or more partners to participate in the ad network.
The partners use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to display these advertisements.
We do not permit our ad serving partners to collect personal information about you on our websites.
Rather, we provide them non-personal information about you such as browsing information like types of pages viewed and categories of interests.
Our partners may use this information, as well as information they have collected when you are on other sites within their network, to help select which ads to display.
We or our partners only retain ad network data for legitimate business purposes.
Learn more about ad network business practices and the privacy policies of our partners.
The information includes how to opt-out of participating in ad networks in this manner.
How to Access and Update Your Information
Walmart takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete, so we can treat your information properly and effectively under this policy. You can access or update your information, including contact or account information, in the following ways:
If you have created an account on one of our websites, log into your account. Once you do, you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information, as well as contact information for recipients you have designated.
Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the &#8220;Contact Us&#8221; section of this policy. Please include your current contact information, the information you are interested in accessing, and your requested changes. We will provide you the information requested if reasonably available, or will describe the types of information we typically collect. We will make changes you request or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request.
If you need help accessing your information related to a financial product offered by a Walmart partner, we will assist you with that request if you contact us via the &#8220;Contact Us&#8221; section below.
If you need assistance with your Optical or Pharmacy information, please visit the Pharmacy or Optical section below for instructions on accessing these records.
How We Secure Your Information
Securing your information is a company priority. Whether you are shopping online or in our stores, we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information. When we do have to collect your most private personal information, such as Social Security Numbers, we will protect its confidentiality, prohibit its unlawful disclosure, and limit access to authorized personnel only.
Online Protections
Your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account. Please keep this password confidential. We also use an encryption technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). When you enter a secure portion of a website, you will see https (instead of http) in the address bar, and an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the address bar or bottom bar of your browser window. If you click on this image, website security information will appear. This indicates that your personal information is transmitted in encrypted form, not to some unknown or unauthorized server. Walmart.com has also obtained a digital certificate from Verisign, Inc., a leading provider of Internet trust services.
Hard Copy and Electronic Storage Protections
Personal information that is maintained in our offices or stores is subject to physical, administrative, and technical controls as well. Hard copies of private information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage of private information. When disposed of, the information is shredded, destroyed, erased, or otherwise made unreadable.
Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information
Pharmacy and Optical Departments
When you use our Pharmacies or Vision Centers, you may provide us with your health information so that we may process your request.
We understand the sensitive nature of such information and respect your privacy by keeping it confidential.
This includes complying with federal law (the Health Insurance Portability &amp; Accountability Act or HIPAA) and applicable state laws.
Our Notice of Privacy Practices describes how we protect your information maintained by our Pharmacies and Vision Centers, and how you can access your records.
A copy of the Notice of Privacy Practices is available online by visiting Pharmacy or Vision Center.
A copy of the Notice is also provided to you by the Pharmacy or Vision Center at the first time of service, or can be requested at any time at your local Walmart.
Financial Products and Services
As you use Walmart financial products and services, the privacy of your personal information is protected under the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLB) and applicable state laws. Your personal information is protected whether you are a current or former customer. These financial products and services include money orders, money transfers, credit card offerings, bill payment, and check cashing.
Walmart provides you check cashing services directly. This privacy policy describes how we collect, use, disclose, and protect your information related to this service.
For all other services, we serve as an agent for suppliers to offer you financial products and services. Even though we are an agent for these services, we work with our partners to ensure they provide appropriate privacy policies and protections. Below is the list of our financial services partners, along with a link to their privacy policies:
Credit Cards offered through GE Money Bank
Money Transfers, Money Orders, and Express Bill Pay offered through MoneyGram
Money Card offered through Green Dot and GE Money
Bill Payment offered through CheckFreePay
We also protect the credit or debit card information we collect during transactions. We comply with industry requirements known as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI Standards). These standards require safeguards for handling and securing customer information. These include using secure networks; encryption or other protection of cardholder data; physical and technical access controls; monitors and tests of security systems; and information security policies.
Privacy of Children Online
We are committed to protecting children&#39;s online privacy. In order to protect children&#39;s personal information, and to meet the standards of the Children&#39;s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 on Walmart websites without prior parental consent.
Walmart.com is a general audience website not geared towards children. In several areas of Walmart.com, such as when customers contact us via email, create a Walmart.com account, or sign up for e-mail newsletters and alerts, we ask for birth year information. We ask for this to help us ensure that children do not provide us personal information on the site. Please contact us at the email or postal address provided in the &#8220;Contact Us&#8221; section of this policy if you believe we may have collected information from your child and we will work to delete it.
International
As a global company, Walmart has separate privacy policies for its international offices. When you give us personal information on a website or in a store, the information may be sent to servers outside of the country where you provided the information. Walmart takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy or any privacy policy that applies to a Walmart international site or store where you provided your information.
Changes to the Walmart Privacy Policy
Please check our privacy policy periodically for changes. We will also notify you of significant updates and will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the privacy policy.
Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us with any questions or comments about this policy or about how your information is handled. You can contact us via the addresses below:
E-mail:
Privacy@wal-mart.com
Mail:
Walmart Corporate
Privacy Office, MS #505
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, AR 72716-0505
Your California Privacy Rights
Our privacy policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes. The policy and rights apply to all customers, including California residents:
We share information with others outside of Walmart only if we have your express consent (opt-in). See How We Share Your Information Outside Walmart.
We also share information with other businesses within our corporate family, such as Sam&#39;s Club. See How We Use Your Information.
Please contact us with any questions, or to request a list of third parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose, via the Contact Us section above.
Effective: August 23, 2009
WALMART CREDIT CARDS
Apply Now
Card Benefits
Business Credit Cards
Manage Your Account
Walmart.com
About Walmart.com
Terms of Use
Affiliate Program
International Customers
About Our Ads
See All Departments
Stores &amp; Corporate
Store Finder
Corporate Website
Investor Relations
Privacy &amp; Security
Associate Discount
California Privacy Rights
Careers at Walmart
Help
Help Center
Track Your Order
Returns Policy
Return an Item
Product Recalls
Contact Us
&copy; 2009 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
ew18
/catalog/category.do, /catalog/category/baseCategoryContainer.jsp
/catalog/category/baseCategoryContainer.jsp
category id: 538446 path: 0:5436:538369:1045639:538446
Choose Your Local Store
close
Your Local Store Has Been Saved
Now when you browse Walmart.com, you'll see information about the products carried in the [city name] store.
You can change your store any time by using the &quot;Find in Store&quot; feature or by using your local Store Finder.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
